convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\Juerefarm1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\Juerefarm2.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\Maincamp.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\Outpost1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\Wizardtower.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\arena_1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\arena_2.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\black.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\crop_1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\cyberdome.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\d_1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\dungeon1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\fighterguild.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\firet1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\god.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\grave_1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\highmountain.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\home0.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\home1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\home2.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\home3.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\home4.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\home5.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\i.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\inn1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\jail1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\kapul.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\lesimas_1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\lumiest.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\mageguild.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\museum_1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\n.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\noyel.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\noyel_fest.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\ntyris.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\ntyris2.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\office_1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\outpost2.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\outpost3.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\palmia.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\puti.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\ranch_1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\rogueden.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\roguet1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\s.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\shadyjueretown.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\shelter_1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\shelter_2.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\shop_1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\shrine_1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\sister.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\smith0.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\sqNightmare.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\sqPyramid.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\sqPyramid2.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\sqRogue.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\sqSewer.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\sqcat.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\sqkamikaze.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\sqwar.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\stati.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\statio.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\station-nt1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\storage_1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\styris.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\t.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\test.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\test2.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\thiefguild.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\undeadt1.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\unfinishedkeep.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\vernis.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
convertHspMap C:\Users\yuno\build\elona\map\yowyn.map C:\Users\yuno\build\OpenNefia.NET2\OpenNefia.Content\Resources\Maps\Elona --mapAuthor Noa
